

This is the model of Erk1/2 activation by serotonin 5-HT1A and 5-HT2A receptor
subtypes as described in:  
[Towards a quantitative representation of the cell signaling mechanisms of
hallucinogens: Measurement and mathematical modeling of 5-HT1A and 5-HT2A
receptor-mediated ERK1/2
activation](http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.neuropharm.2008.07.049)  
by _Chiung-wen Chang, Ethan Poteet, John A. Schetz, Zeynep H. Gümüş and Harel
Weinstein_ , _Neuropharmacology_ 2008, pumedID:
[18762202](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18762202)

This model originates from BioModels Database: A Database of Annotated
Published Models. It is copyright (c) 2005-2011 The BioModels.net Team.  
To the extent possible under law, all copyright and related or neighbouring
rights to this encoded model have been dedicated to the public domain
worldwide. Please refer to [CC0 Public Domain
Dedication](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) for more
information.

In summary, you are entitled to use this encoded model in absolutely any
manner you deem suitable, verbatim, or with modification, alone or embedded it
in a larger context, redistribute it, commercially or not, in a restricted way
or not..  
  
To cite BioModels Database, please use: [Li C, Donizelli M, Rodriguez N,
Dharuri H, Endler L, Chelliah V, Li L, He E, Henry A, Stefan MI, Snoep JL,
Hucka M, Le Novère N, Laibe C (2010) BioModels Database: An enhanced, curated
and annotated resource for published quantitative kinetic models. BMC Syst
Biol., 4:92.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20587024)

